climbing clock walks up into her gate of
the 14 mr. short - of those turn
there may be 100 150 meters before the
winning post of the touring kima goes in
one of the southern hemisphere three
years old flyer dawn goes up Cosmo
Charlie moving in as my Charlie winner
of the trail race on Super Saturday I
had a rafter Lou and for real because
they might know there's one more top
school walks up into the gate so now
it's had a ride do it for re for e walks
into gate number six they look ready to
run will we tell Holly right hence turbo
racing in the Darby for e jump with them
Lancaster bombers spirit of Bella he
runs away drop back shortly after the
break and Erato out why didn't he
Charles in the center came out quickly
guitar man began well he's trying to
hold the fence as they charged into the
first turn in the 1600 meters mark and
he has held the plastic guitar man if he
jammers goes up to eyeball him and
Onorato is a length away running third
for resettles fourth midnight chicken
pizza the inside of thunder snow cuz no
jolly deep turning into the back
features he midfield a lengthened a half
but ory keen of the outside of master
plan once the spirit of Bella a half
Lancaster bomber
followed by fly Adorno more rich blonde
he
the way his second last and Ja score is
three lengths back at the table to
filled every jar is pressed on he wanted
to leave it was diner two meters left to
run he's three-quarters of a legs in
front and it's the first half behind in
forty eight point two every jurors shows
the durbeyfields the ways of that by 3/4
of a length over an errata dr. snows
three-quarters of a length away
he's edging up to be third now guitar
man forth for e-50 grits along then
fitori kid master plan is being asked to
approve them Lancaster bomber
spirited fella Flyers gone and a freak
so he runs away at the head of the
others coming around the turn
thundersnow moves up to every jar is 400
meters left Sarada two links awakens our
man
then Lancaster bomber it's under snow
alongside if he jurors not the snows
again
Karen from Japan 200 meters out the size
running about it be Gareth battling back
and be guaranteed Thunderstone
drive to raise another evidence MP
jurors in front
possible dr. stone he the service
Madhavi from epic Yaris master plans run
third Lancaster bomber force the client
dog guitar man spirit of allah for e he
runs away Vettori kids top scorer and
urato cosmo jolly a long break - no more
rich blondes be Jersey and midnight
chicken it's a photo between thundersnow
and Eppie Jarrah Wonderstone loomed up
looks as though he might have even poked
his nose in front but then he just
started to run around maybe